Blog: Best FullStory alternatives (#7177)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/best-fullstory-alternatives.mdx

  <ComparisonRow column1={false} column2={true} feature="Session replay" description="Watch real users on your site; discover friction points" />
  <ComparisonRow column1={false} column2={true} feature="Heatmaps" description="See where users click and interact" />
  <ComparisonRow column1={true} column2={false} feature="A/B testing" description="Test changes and analyze their impact" />
  <ComparisonRow column1={true} column2={true} feature="User privacy options" description="Anonymize, mask, and block data you don't want or need" />
  <ComparisonRow column1={false} column2={false} feature="Open source" description="Audit code, contribute to roadmap, and build integrations" />
</ComparisonTable>

### How popular is Amplitude?

According to [BuiltWith](https://trends.builtwith.com/analytics/Amplitude), Amplitude bests FullStory with 10,247 of the top million sites using them as of November 2023. FullStory is close behind at 8,367.

### Why do companies use Amplitude?

According to G2 reviews, Amplitude users appreciate three key aspects:

> 1. **Simple to use:** Amplitude makes it easy for non-technical users to get insights about their product and make improvements. Amplitude is built for users like product managers and marketers, making it a popular choice for them.
> 2. **Built-in A/B testing:** Unlike FullStory, Amplitude offers integrated experimentation features. This enables companies to run experiments on existing cohorts, and then analyze the data in a single place. 
> 3. **Become data-driven:** Amplitude users appreciate it helps them become data-driven. It becomes easy to add data, visualize it, and make decisions. It makes data accessible to them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Simple to use:** Amplitude makes it easy for non-technical users to get insights about their product and make improvements. Amplitude is built for users like product managers and marketers, making it a popular choice for them.

2. **Built-in A/B testing:** Unlike FullStory, Amplitude offers integrated experimentation features. This enables companies to run experiments on existing cohorts, and then analyze the data in a single place. 

3. **Become data-driven:** Amplitude users appreciate it helps them become data-driven. It becomes easy to add data, visualize it, and make decisions. It makes data accessible to them. 
```

> #### Bottom line
> Amplitude is a popular choice for product analytics, but lacks many of the tools FullStory provides for tracking overall user experience. If you don't want session replay, heatmaps, or autocapture, it can be a good choice.

<br />

## 4. Heap

- **Founded:** 2013
- **Most similar to:** FullStory, PostHog
- **Typical users:** Product and marketing teams
- **Typical customers:** B2C SaaS and ecommerce companies wanting to monitor and improve user experience.

![Heap](../images/blog/best-fullstory-alternatives/heap.png)

### What is Heap?

> [Heap](/blog/posthog-vs-heap) describes itself as a digital insights platform. This means Heap offers both product analytics and session replay, and supports marketing use cases with multi-touch attribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Heap](/blog/best-heap-alternatives) describes itself as a digital insights platform. This means Heap offers both product analytics and session replay, and supports marketing use cases with multi-touch attribution.
```
